.github/pull_request_template.md, before:

<!-- HOW TO USE: Under each "#### Heading" below, enter information relevant to your pull request.
Leave the headings unless they don't apply to your PR, and remove the comment blocks (surrounded with <!–– and ––>) when you are done.
-->

#### Summary

<!-- This section should consist of exactly one line, formatted like this:

SUMMARY: [Category] "[Briefly describe the change in these quotation marks]"

Do not enter the square brackets [].  Category must be one of these:

- Item
- Terrain
- Furniture
- Mutation
- Bionic
- Worn
- Wielded
- Field
- Misc
-->

#### Content of the change

<!-- Explain what does this pull request contains.  -->

#### Testing

<!-- Describe what steps you took to test that this PR resolved the bug or added the feature, and what tests you performed to make sure it didn't cause any regressions.  Also include testing suggestions for reviewers and maintainers.  -->

#### Additional context

<!-- Add any other context (such as mock-ups, proof of concepts or screenshots) about the feature or bugfix here.  -->

Commit message:

Use tileset name instead of category

.github/pull_request_template.md, after:

<!-- HOW TO USE: Under each "#### Heading" below, enter information relevant to your pull request.
Leave the headings unless they don't apply to your PR, and remove the comment blocks (surrounded with <!–– and ––>) when you are done.
-->

#### Summary

<!-- This section should consist of exactly one line, formatted like this:

SUMMARY: [Tileset] "[Briefly describe the change in these quotation marks]"

Do not enter the square brackets [].  Tileset must be one of these:

- Ultica
- Ultica-iso
- RetroDays
- NeoDays
- MSX
- BLB
- Chesthole

-->

#### Content of the change

<!-- Explain what does this pull request contains.  -->

#### Testing

<!-- Describe what steps you took to test that this PR resolved the bug or added the feature, and what tests you performed to make sure it didn't cause any regressions.  Also include testing suggestions for reviewers and maintainers.  -->

#### Additional context

<!-- Add any other context (such as mock-ups, proof of concepts or screenshots) about the feature or bugfix here.  -->
